https://codepen.io/devv-bot/pen/BaQGQeG?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML describes the webpage meaning to the browser as well as the developer.
2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is a mark up language and is the building blocks of a website.  It contains all the necessary information for browsers and users.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        an attribute further describes the tag to the browser.  The attribute goes inside the opening tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is the most important heading tag. We only use it once on a web page.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tags and image tags both require attributes to function properly
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        we put all the metadata (title, char set, scripts, etc..)
7. What is an id? 
        an attribute that we can later access in css.  Only used once!
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any element 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        only once!
10. What is a class? 
        similar to an ID, but we may use it multiple times.
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as you want.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        This is used mainly for accessability.  It displays the alternate text if the image can't be seen or loaded.
15. How do I reference an id?
        use the "#"
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        sections usually contain larger groupings and are not used as much as div tags.
17. What is CSS used for? 
        Css is used for styling the HTML.  without it every website would be pretty bland.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        simply type "h2 {}"
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        you can use class attributes multiple times.  You would want to use "class" when you want certain sections to have the same styling.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        simply use  ".classname"
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        ".human p{}"
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        "parent > child" it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.  Very useful for selecting a specific group.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        "div .sidebar {}"
24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Selects a specific state of an element. (e.g. :hover{})
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize)
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm 
34. Why should I use version control? 
        Easy and effective way to communitcate with fellow devs working on the same proj.  test out new code without messing up the current running code.
35. How often should I commit to github?
        If its your own branch, as often as you like.  maybe every 30 min?
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "branch-name"
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork 
        Clone (cd into desired folder then paste link into CLI following git clone)
        cd into newly created repo (cd repo-name)
        Create Branch (git checked -b "firstname-lastname")
        code . to open project in VS Code
        Commit changes (git add ----> git commit -m "Helpful comment")
        Push to github (git push -u origin branch-name)
        Submit Pull Request under your fork and branch

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            block elements start a new line 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
            It is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            block-level: <h1>-<h6> <div> <p>,  inline: <a> <button>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
